What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository a folder is created with an invisable .git file that gives git information regarding the repository. You need it because without this an actual github repository is not created.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where you add files to be added to the next commit. It is not a physical location, rather a placeholder for files to be grouped together conceptually before being added to the next commit. It is different from the working directory and repository in these senses. The value that it offers is that you do not need to make official changes to the repository history until you are certain you want to make the commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use git add to load a single file to the staging area and then compare it using git diff --status or whatever to compare it to the most recent commit or git diff to compare it to what you're working on.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are great for logical changes that would interfere with regular commit progression if they did not have their own section of commit progressions to work from. An example would be a spanish version of a particular game that has all the same features of the game except that it's in spanish. It would be logical to make a new branch for this so that changes that must be made in spanish can be kept seperate from the english version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams helped me visualize concepts such as branching and also thats about it actuall.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A: The result of merging two branches together is that all the changes accumulated from one branch are added into another branch as well and vice-versa, creating a hybrid branch encompassing changes from both branches into a single branch or commit. We represent it in the diagram the way we do to illustrate that two distinct branches have now been combined into one.